Processed 75 files (365ms) 

core/context/boundaryManager.js
  core/context/tokenEstimator.js
core/context/budgetMath.js
  core/context/tokenEstimator.js
  core/models/modelCatalog.js
  core/settings/index.js
core/context/tokenEstimator.js
  core/models/modelCatalog.js
core/models/messagePair.js
core/models/modelCatalog.js
core/models/topic.js
core/persistence/contentPersistence.js
core/settings/index.js
core/store/adapters/indexedDb.js
core/store/indexedDbAdapter.js
  core/store/adapters/indexedDb.js
core/store/indexes.js
core/store/memoryStore.js
  core/models/messagePair.js
  core/models/topic.js
features/command/colon/colonCommandParser.js
features/command/colon/colonCommandRegistry.js
  features/export/exportApi.js
  features/export/exportDownload.js
features/command/colon/colonCommandSplitter.js
features/command/confirmOverlay.js
  shared/openModal.js
features/command/evaluator.js
  features/command/topicResolver.js
features/command/lexer.js
features/command/parser.js
  features/command/lexer.js
features/command/topicResolver.js
features/compose/pipeline.js
  core/context/budgetMath.js
  core/context/tokenEstimator.js
  core/models/modelCatalog.js
  core/settings/index.js
  infrastructure/api/keys.js
  infrastructure/provider/adapter.js
features/config/apiKeysOverlay.js
  shared/openModal.js
features/config/dailyStatsOverlay.js
  shared/openModal.js
features/config/helpOverlay.js
  shared/openModal.js
features/config/modelEditor.js
  core/models/modelCatalog.js
  shared/openModal.js
features/config/modelSelector.js
  core/models/modelCatalog.js
  shared/openModal.js
features/config/settingsOverlay.js
  core/settings/index.js
  shared/openModal.js
features/export/exportApi.js
  features/export/exportFormatting.js
  features/export/exportJsonSerializer.js
  features/export/exportMarkdownSerializer.js
  features/export/exportOrdering.js
  features/export/exportTextSerializer.js
features/export/exportDownload.js
features/export/exportFormatting.js
features/export/exportJsonSerializer.js
features/export/exportMarkdownSerializer.js
  features/export/exportFormatting.js
features/export/exportOrdering.js
features/export/exportTextSerializer.js
  features/export/exportFormatting.js
features/history/fadeVisibility.js
features/history/historyRuntime.js
  core/models/modelCatalog.js
  core/settings/index.js
  features/command/evaluator.js
  features/command/parser.js
  features/history/fadeVisibility.js
  features/history/partitioner.js
  features/history/parts.js
  features/history/spacingStyles.js
features/history/historyView.js
  shared/util.js
features/history/newMessageLifecycle.js
  shared/util.js
features/history/partitioner.js
  core/settings/index.js
features/history/parts.js
  features/history/partitioner.js
features/history/scrollControllerV3.js
  core/settings/index.js
features/history/spacingStyles.js
features/interaction/interaction.js
  core/models/modelCatalog.js
  core/settings/index.js
  features/command/colon/colonCommandParser.js
  features/command/colon/colonCommandRegistry.js
  features/command/colon/colonCommandSplitter.js
  features/command/confirmOverlay.js
  features/command/evaluator.js
  features/command/parser.js
  features/command/topicResolver.js
  features/compose/pipeline.js
  features/config/apiKeysOverlay.js
  features/config/dailyStatsOverlay.js
  features/config/helpOverlay.js
  features/config/modelEditor.js
  features/config/modelSelector.js
  features/config/settingsOverlay.js
  features/interaction/keyRouter.js
  features/interaction/sanitizeAssistant.js
  features/topics/topicEditor.js
  features/topics/topicPicker.js
  shared/openModal.js
features/interaction/keyRouter.js
features/interaction/modes.js
features/interaction/pointerModeSwitcher.js
features/interaction/sanitizeAssistant.js
features/topics/topicEditor.js
  core/settings/index.js
  shared/openModal.js
features/topics/topicPicker.js
  core/settings/index.js
  shared/openModal.js
infrastructure/api/keys.js
infrastructure/provider/adapter.js
infrastructure/provider/anthropicAdapter.js
  infrastructure/provider/adapter.js
infrastructure/provider/openaiAdapter.js
  infrastructure/provider/adapter.js
instrumentation/hudRuntime.js
  core/settings/index.js
  shared/openModal.js
instrumentation/requestDebugOverlay.js
  core/settings/index.js
  shared/openModal.js
main.js
  core/settings/index.js
  features/history/historyRuntime.js
  features/history/historyView.js
  features/history/partitioner.js
  features/interaction/interaction.js
  features/interaction/modes.js
  features/interaction/pointerModeSwitcher.js
  instrumentation/hudRuntime.js
  instrumentation/requestDebugOverlay.js
  runtime/bootstrap.js
  runtime/renderPolicy.js
  runtime/runtimeSetup.js
  styles/index.css
runtime/bootstrap.js
  core/models/modelCatalog.js
  core/settings/index.js
  features/config/apiKeysOverlay.js
  infrastructure/api/keys.js
  infrastructure/provider/adapter.js
  infrastructure/provider/anthropicAdapter.js
  infrastructure/provider/openaiAdapter.js
  runtime/initialSeeding.js
runtime/initialSeeding.js
  core/models/modelCatalog.js
runtime/renderPolicy.js
runtime/runtimeSetup.js
  core/context/boundaryManager.js
  core/models/modelCatalog.js
  core/persistence/contentPersistence.js
  core/settings/index.js
  core/store/indexedDbAdapter.js
  core/store/indexes.js
  core/store/memoryStore.js
  features/history/historyView.js
  features/history/newMessageLifecycle.js
  features/history/parts.js
  features/history/scrollControllerV3.js
shared/confirmModal.js
  shared/openModal.js
shared/focusTrap.js
shared/openModal.js
  shared/focusTrap.js
shared/util.js
styles/base.css
styles/components/command.css
styles/components/config.css
styles/components/controls.css
styles/components/history.css
styles/components/input.css
styles/components/instrumentation.css
styles/components/overlays.css
styles/index.css
  styles/base.css
  styles/components/command.css
  styles/components/config.css
  styles/components/controls.css
  styles/components/history.css
  styles/components/input.css
  styles/components/instrumentation.css
  styles/components/overlays.css
  styles/layout.css
  styles/variables.css
styles/layout.css
styles/variables.css

